Lending API content rework (#729)
codatio/codat-docs: docs/lending/features/financial-statements-overview.md

---
title: "Financial statements overview"
sidebar_label: "Financial statements"
description: "Automate financial statement and ratio analysis with a fully standardized profit and loss and balance sheet"
---

import Products from "@components/global/Products";
import { IntegrationsList } from "@components/global/Integrations";
import { accountingIntegrations } from "@components/global/Integrations/integrations";

> Our **financial statements** feature provides lenders with access to a borrower's comprehensive financial data, including profit and loss, balance sheet, and operating cash flow statements. Statements are categorized to a single chart of accounts allowing ratio analysis to be automated.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Our **financial statements** feature provides lenders with access to a borrower's comprehensive financial data, including profit and loss, balance sheet, and operating cash flow statements. Statements are categorized to a standardized taxonomy allowing ratio analysis to be automated.
```

Reviewer: Could change taxonomy to naming convention
